hello everybody Elmo come to the draw he
Sarah's minecraft mods this is episode
78 and I just decided right now I do not
like my crafting table I hate you I hate
you I teach your son use man but
yeah but yeah this is about the mod
gives you a better version so we don't
need this crafting table at all I'm
gonna get rid of it you up I use the
piece of go away I will get rid of
you delete you very good oh I know I
didn't actually delete oh ho oh you have
to do that very good I've deleted it now
I'm happy again oh my god ok so this is
the mod that allows you to make a better
crafting table and it's very easy to
crack all you have to do is blow a
crafting table there and then a book
right next to it and this makes a
crafting table too that's right a
crafting table 2 and is such an awesome
crappy here I mean look about you want
swinging door that like an enchantment
table is just so awesome look at that
open closed oh my god but yeah just so
that you guys are wet if you want to
download this mod this is where
microphone clip one you need modloader
modloader multiplayer and minecraft
forge ok so when you go to the page
which has the mark on it it gives you
all the links to the things you need so
it's fine ok right just to show you what
this does ok so that's so I'm actually
just going to get a whole load of honor
like somewhat some like cobblestone some
obsidian some diamond
some iron some coal sticks there isn't
one getting all of these is that when
you right-click in your crafting table
now look at this this is amazing okay
look at this you have all the items that
you can build they see look at this if I
want to crap see a diamond helmet it
tells me how many diamonds only to use
it for and it tells you the code name
for people you want to code for it which
is pretty awesome and we have to do is
let click the helmets and it's actually
crafted it for you and it's used at the
diamonds so you do not need any recipes
whatsoever which is pretty dang snazzy
so that you know how how annoying is to
make iron box and gold they're not rule
it box of iron and box a diamond well I
can just do this you know you can just
do this all the time is awesome it is
really cool I just you know just cross
that I can crap done pickaxe I can crap
the piston I can craft some grout glass
panes it's just such a good fun but yeah
this is the crafting table to vote and
it is a really awesome mod please
downloaded please like the video if you
liked this video and the download link
is always in the description so thank
you and bye bye